SOURCE: https://www.ieee-ras.org/
TITLE: IEEE Robotics and Automation Society - Overview

The IEEE Robotics and Automation Society (IEEE RAS) is a professional society of the
IEEE that supports the development and exchange of scientific knowledge in the fields
of robotics and automation, covering both applied and theoretical issues.

The organisation began as the IEEE Robotics and Automation Council, founded in 1984 by
a group of IEEE Societies including Aerospace and Electronic Systems; Circuits and
Systems; Components, Hybrids and Manufacturing Technology; Computers; Control Systems;
Industrial Electronics; Industry Applications; and Systems, Man and Cybernetics. The
Council became the IEEE Robotics and Automation Society in 1987.

The Society's constitution states that it is interested in both applied and theoretical
issues in robotics and automation. Robotics is defined to include intelligent machines
and systems used, for example, in space exploration, human services, or manufacturing.
Automation includes the use of automated methods in applications such as factory,
office, home, or transportation systems to improve performance and productivity.

The Society's objectives are scientific, literary and educational in character. It works
for the advancement of the theory and practice of robotics and automation engineering
and science and of the allied arts and sciences, and for the maintenance of high
professional standards among its members.

SOURCE: https://www.ieee-ras.org/publications
TITLE: IEEE RAS Publications

IEEE RAS publishes a range of peer-reviewed journals, including IEEE Transactions on
Robotics, IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering, IEEE Robotics and
Automation Letters, and IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine.

SOURCE: https://www.ieee-ras.org/conferences-workshops
TITLE: IEEE RAS Conferences

IEEE RAS sponsors and co-sponsors a large number of conferences and workshops each year.
Its flagship conferences include the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and
Automation (ICRA) and the IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and
Systems (IROS).

SOURCE: https://www.ieee-ras.org/technical-committees
TITLE: IEEE RAS Technical Committees

Technical Committees are expert groups that develop and support specialised fields of
robotics within the larger Society. RAS maintains dozens of Technical Committees
covering distinct research areas in robotics and automation.

SOURCE: https://www.ieee-ras.org/
TITLE: IEEE RAS Mission and Values

IEEE RAS supports the development of robotics and automation technology for peaceful
civilian use and ecological sustainability. The Society describes itself as committed to
reducing global imbalances by offering free education and ensuring equal opportunities
for publishing and promoting scientific work. RAS supports student and professional
chapters that connect members on campuses and across regions.